ENH: expose `to_pandas_kwargs` in `read_parquet` with pyarrow backend (#59654)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- :meth:`Series.cummin` and :meth:`Series.cummax` now supports :class:`CategoricalDtype` (:issue:`52335`)
- :meth:`Series.plot` now correctly handle the ``ylabel`` parameter for pie charts, allowing for explicit control over the y-axis label (:issue:`58239`)
- :meth:`DataFrame.plot.scatter` argument ``c`` now accepts a column of strings, where rows with the same string are colored identically (:issue:`16827` and :issue:`16485`)

> - :func:`read_parquet` accepts ``to_pandas_kwargs`` which are forwarded to :meth:`pyarrow.Table.to_pandas` which enables passing in ``maps_as_pydicts`` to read parquet map datatypes as python dictionaries (:issue:`56842`)

Reviewer: I would try to clarify that `maps_as_pydicts` is only one example, something like:

```suggestion
- :func:`read_parquet` accepts ``to_pandas_kwargs`` which are forwarded to :meth:`pyarrow.Table.to_pandas` which enables passing additional keywords to customize the conversion to pandas, such as ``maps_as_pydicts`` to read the Parquet map data type as python dictionaries (:issue:`56842`)
```
